Task ResponseDear Joe,Hope you are doing well. It has been quite a while we didn't interact with each other since our summer holidays.&nbsp; I wanted to share with you a good news and its the same thing that we were discussing during our holiday.I got an opportunity to join&nbsp; a voluntary organization which is involved in various philanthropic activities. They provide free education and food to the poor children. They are also involved in other activities like distribution of food and essential medications during natural disasters, running campaigns in educating the lower strata of the society regarding importance of vaccinations etc, apart from arranging various kinds of fund raising activities like sports, walkathons etc.&nbsp;I am working in this organization since last month and till now my experience had been very satisfying. I am particularly involved in engaging with the children below five years of age. We have now over hundred children in various age groups. I teach them alphabets and numbers. I interact with them to understand their feelings regarding the importance of education and help them to arouse their interest through a play and learn method. I have seen a lot of progress in these children within the last month. And obviously good nutritious food, that's also one of the attraction. At the end of the day, it gives me so much happiness and mental peace, when I think how my little contribution to the society has the potential to create so much impact.From our last discussion, I understand that you were also interested in volunteering just like me. As this organization is multitasking, hence people with various other interests can find a place for them. I would recommend that you also join me in the same organization. You are interested in sports as well and involving yourself here would mean that you can not only be involved in a lot of games and activities but at the end of the day you end up volunteering as well. You will indirectly also gain a lot of knowledge about team building, dealing with difficult situations and people. So overall this will give you some management experience , which you can utilize in your job interviews.&nbsp;Let me know if you are interested and also if you would like to have some more details about the organization or the various activities. Let me know your availability and we can plan a time that works for both of us.Sincerely Yours,Som Shankar.&nbsp;